docs: fix grammar, spelling and styling in Authentication Cheat Sheet (#1720)
OWASP/CheatSheetSeries: cheatsheets/Authentication_Cheat_Sheet.md

Users should be permitted to use their email address as a username, provided the email is verified during sign-up. Additionally, they should have the option to choose a username other than an email address. For information on validating email addresses, please visit the [input validation cheat sheet email discussion](Input_Validation_Cheat_Sheet.md#email-address-validation).

### Authentication Solution and Sensitive Accounts

- Do **NOT** allow login with sensitive accounts (i.e. accounts that can be used internally within the solution such as to a backend / middleware / database) to any front-end user interface
- Do **NOT** use the same authentication solution (e.g. IDP / AD) used internally for unsecured access (e.g., public access / DMZ)

### Implement Proper Password Strength Controls

A key concern when using passwords for authentication is password strength. A "strong" password policy makes it difficult or even improbable for one to guess the password through either manual or automated means. The following characteristics define a strong password:

- Password Length

>     - The minimum length for passwords should be enforced by the application. Passwords **shorter than 8 characters** are considered to be weak ([NIST SP800-63B](https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-3/sp800-63b.html)).

Reviewer: I'd prefer to leave it bold to correspond to the maximum in the next bullet point
```suggestion
    - **Minimum** length for passwords should be enforced by the application. Passwords **shorter than 8 characters** are considered to be weak ([NIST SP800-63B](https://pages.nist.gov/800-63-3/sp800-63b.html)).
```

- Do not silently truncate passwords. The [Password Storage Cheat Sheet](Password_Storage_Cheat_Sheet.md#maximum-password-lengths) provides further guidance on how to handle passwords that are longer than the maximum length.
- Allow usage of **all** characters including unicode and whitespace. There should be no password composition rules limiting the type of characters permitted. There should be no requirement for upper or lower case or numbers or special characters.
- Ensure credential rotation when a password leak occurs, at the time of compromise identification or when authenticator technology changes. Avoid requiring periodic password changes; instead, encourage users to pick strong passwords and enable [Multifactor Authentication Cheat Sheet (MFA)](Multifactor_Authentication_Cheat_Sheet.md). According to NIST guidelines, verifiers should not mandate arbitrary password changes (e.g., periodically).
- Include a password strength meter to help users create a more complex password
    - [zxcvbn-ts library](https://github.com/zxcvbn-ts/zxcvbn) can be used for this purpose.

>     - Other language implementations of zxcvbn [listed here](https://github.com/dropbox/zxcvbn?tab=readme-ov-file) ensure to check the age and maturity of each example before use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Other language implementations of zxcvbn [listed here](https://github.com/dropbox/zxcvbn?tab=readme-ov-file); however check the age and maturity of each example before use.
```
